npsim Clarifications (#3)
eic/tutorial-simulations-using-npsim-and-geant4: _episodes/02-physics-event-simulations.md

Reviewer: ddPsim typo here

> - Open the output file and verify that more hits (from optical photons with PDG code -22) are stored in the hits branches for the relevant RICH detector.
{: .challenge}

> > For most full physics analyses, the use of `npsim` is strongly preferred. The performance of some detector systems, including Cerekov detectors as mentioned above, will be very different if `ddpsim` is used. Similiarly, trackers and calorimeters may appear to perform very differently. For some specialist use cases, `ddsim` may be preferred. If you are unsure whether such cases apply, use `npsim` when running your simulations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> For most full physics analyses, the use of `npsim` is strongly preferred. The performance of some detector systems, including Cherenkov detectors as mentioned above, will be very different if `ddsim` is used. Similarly, trackers and calorimeters may appear to perform very differently. For some specialist use cases, `ddsim` may be preferred. If you are unsure whether such cases apply, use `npsim` when running your simulations.
```
